README.md, before:

[![Build status on Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)

# Safe Creeper
Safe Creeper is a plugin for Craft Bukkit servers to manage and protect the things that are going on on your server. Block Creepers from exploding, block TNT, modify mob behavior and so on.

### Builds
The project is currently being built automatically using the CI services in the table below.

|Service|Branch|Build Status| |Automatic interval|
|---:|:---|:---:|:---|---|
|Travis CI|master|[![Build status on Travis CI on master](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|Each 24 hours|
|Travis CI|last commit|[![Build status on Travis CI for last commit](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|
|Circle CI|master|[![Build status on Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/timvisee/SafeCreeper/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper/tree/master)|[View Status](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper/tree/master)|
|Circle CI|last commit|[![Build status on Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|

### Compiling Requirements
>- JDK 1.8
>- Maven
>- Git/GitHub (Optional)

### Running Requirements
>- Java 1.8 or higher
>- CraftBukkit or Spigot (for Minecraft 1.8.8 or higher)

### Contributing
1. Fork it.
2. Create a branch (`git checkout -b MY_BRANCH`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "COMMIT_TITLE"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin MY_BRANCH`)
5. Open a Pull Request.
6. Enjoy a refreshing Diet Coke and wait

### How to compile the project
>- Clone the project with Git/GitHub
>- Execute command `mvn clean install -B`

### License
GNU GPL v3.0

More Information? See: http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/safe-creeper/

Commit message:

Change license notice in README

README.md, after:

[![Build status on Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)

# Safe Creeper
Safe Creeper is a plugin for Craft Bukkit servers to manage and protect the things that are going on on your server. Block Creepers from exploding, block TNT, modify mob behavior and so on.

### Builds
The project is currently being built automatically using the CI services in the table below.

|Service|Branch|Build Status| |Automatic interval|
|---:|:---|:---:|:---|---|
|Travis CI|master|[![Build status on Travis CI on master](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|Each 24 hours|
|Travis CI|last commit|[![Build status on Travis CI for last commit](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://travis-ci.org/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|
|Circle CI|master|[![Build status on Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/timvisee/SafeCreeper/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper/tree/master)|[View Status](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper/tree/master)|
|Circle CI|last commit|[![Build status on Circle CI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/timvisee/SafeCreeper.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|[View Status](https://circleci.com/gh/timvisee/SafeCreeper)|

### Compiling Requirements
>- JDK 1.8
>- Maven
>- Git/GitHub (Optional)

### Running Requirements
>- Java 1.8 or higher
>- CraftBukkit or Spigot (for Minecraft 1.8.8 or higher)

### Contributing
1. Fork it.
2. Create a branch (`git checkout -b MY_BRANCH`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "COMMIT_TITLE"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin MY_BRANCH`)
5. Open a Pull Request.
6. Enjoy a refreshing Diet Coke and wait

### How to compile the project
>- Clone the project with Git/GitHub
>- Execute command `mvn clean install -B`

### License
This project is released under the GNU GPL-3.0 license. Check out the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
